So, I said,
"Write a pseudocode,"
but you're gonna actually use
your laptops.
Move three units forward
and turn right.
Move two blocks...
Go to the Do-Now.
Students are
going to do a Do-Now,
so they're going to use
themselves as the tool
in order to perform a task.
For you, you, personally,
to walk in a square.
One, two, three, four.
♪
My name is Robert Calungsod.
I teach Algebra II
and also Computer Science
and Robotics.
So, if you want to move
to the side,
then you change the "Y."
So, the Do-Now
is actually individual.
The students will have
their own laptops.
They're going to type
the steps
in order to walk in squares.
Basically, what we did
is we made an algorithm,
so the Do-Now asks us
to write a script
of someone or an object,
anything, to walk in a square.
So, we went on Microsoft Word,
we made a pseudocode.
Pseudocode is actually
the representation
or the steps in English.
Writing out the pseudocode
is valuable
because it's kind of easier
to identify errors.
Especially writing it down,
when you write down
the pseudocode,
like, you see exactly
what you're writing,
you need to see
exactly what it takes
to execute your plan,
so a pseudocode
definitely helps.
It's basically like a draft
to whatever you're doing.
These are the other steps
on the board.
And then I'm going to show
one of the computer screens
on the board
and then ask another student
to perform the steps.
I call another student
to perform the steps
instead of that student
because, sometimes,
the students will rationalize,
and a computer
doesn't rationalize.
It just follows them.
So that removes the bias.
Basically, whatever they wrote,
that's what they perform.
That's the same pseudocode
that you're going to implement
using choreograph.
Today, they're going
to use choreograph
because that's the language
that is going to be used
to talk to the robot.
Then, they're going to
demonstrate their pseudocode...
You have to do it
based on what is in there.
...and they're going to do it
in the front of the class.
I...
♪
Each step is going
to be recorded.
For example, they're going
to say walk straight
for how many steps.
Four steps,
one, two, three, four.
That's what they can do.
So, the next step should be
based on what they plan to do
in order to solve the problem.
So, it leads to the student
thinking about the algorithm,
about the steps it takes
in order to perform the task.
I'm like, "Okay, I've gotten
this down pat.
Maybe I can face the next one."
So, we have a little robot,
a humanoid robot called Nao.
The angle, the data
is actually what you use.
We're going to use
the pseudocode
and program our robot
in order to do the same task
as what they did.
But what we were
doing earlier,
we have to figure out
how we can make
the robot walk in a square.
Like, I made it go
three units forward
and turn right.
So, you click "play,"
it's going to move forward,
and then look what happens.
So, that's 90 degrees.
This class is AP
Computer Science Principles.
The skill levels are varied,
so it's always giving them
different tasks,
not to lose
the lower level ones,
and also give extra tasks
for those students
who are advanced.
If we're in the business
of preparing our children
for the future,
we have to have
a viable computer
science program.
The students are actually
building, developing, coding,
and creating the language
of science,
and that will
hopefully help them
in terms of mathematics.
What's the mathematical
principle that involves this?
What I like about
computer science
is being able to overcome
an obstacle.
So, you're turning
in a--into a circle.
So, that's really what I enjoy
because, you know,
struggling through it
is a little difficult,
but once I overcome it,
I feel good.
Because the students
are in various levels,
it is very important
for the student to know
and to understand,
"Oh, these are the steps."
When they perform it
physically,
like them walking in a square,
they can actually perceive
the steps necessary to do it
so, therefore, the physical
aspect is helpful.
I really like the fact
that the students
were very engaged.
Doing the lesson
like Robert had,
they followed directions
very well
and they do like to act out
whatever plan that they have
from a think map.
That was amazing.
I always tell them that
if you have the work ethic,
then we can
work it out together
and, eventually,
it will lead to success.
But it's amazing,
you'll see them, "Oh, oh, oh,"
and then they have
these sounds...
(laughs)
...'cause they're happy
if they get the answer.
I wrote the original code
and it actually worked.
I've been with Mr. C.
for about six months now
and his way of teaching
has really helped me
and improved
my way of thinking.
So, as a teacher,
I always feel proud
when something
like this happens.
You do everything in here
and then you add it to "X."
♪